into
shortCuts
sout/tab (System.out.println)
shift\f6 (rename/refactor shortcut )
Static:
means this method belongs to the class Main and not to a specific instance of Main
Void:
means this method doesn't return a value.
Methods can return a single value in Java and it has to be defined in the method declaration

Define the terms:
Java is an object-oriented programming language.

Everything in Java is associated with classes and objects, along with its attributes and methods.
For example: in real life, a car is an object.
The car has attributes, such as weight and color, and methods, such as drive and brake.

Method :
A method is a  block of code which only runs when its called
A method must be declared within a class
its defined with a name and parentheses ()
can accept values from, ND return results back to other parts of the program
 Method is function that is used to manipulate the data of the object where it belongs


public class Main {
  static void myMethod() {
    // code to be executed
  }
}
**myMethod() is the name of the method**

Class:
To create a class, use the keyword class
*Create a class named "Main" with a variable x:*
public class Main {
  int x = 5;
}

Function:
Functions can be called to do their tasks anywhere in a program,
as many times as needed
all function definitions must be inside classes
Function is a set of logic that can be used to manipulate data

Field:
A field represents a value, such a numerical value or a text
A Java field is a variable inside a class. For instance,
in a class representing an employee, the Employee class might contain the
following fields: Name, Position, Salary, HiredDate



Variable:
variables are containers for storing data values
TYPES: String, Int, Float, Char, Boolean
Local Variables:
A variable defined within a block or method or constructor is called a local variable.
Instance Variables:
Instance variables are non-static variables and are declared in a class outside any method, constructor, or block.
Static Variables
Static variables are also known as Class variables.


Define the terms in relation to each other. ie a method is a function, defined within an object…a function is…

every line of code that runs inside java must be inside a MainClass
Fields are variables within Java classes. A Java method is a set of instructions that perform a task.Methods and functions are the same thing. You call a function a function when it is outside of a class, and you call a function a Method when it is written inside a class.


